constants/corporate_details.md, before:

## Our Goals

Our goal is to provide **high quality digital assets** to the visual effects and video game industries, all of which we release into the **public domain** for absolute freedom and usability in both commercial and private applications.

Currently the assets we produce are: [HDRIs](/hdris), photoscanned PBR [texture sets](/textures), and [3D props](/models) for environment design and set dressing.

Our primary focus is to produce assets that are **widely usable** in several situations and software applications, in order to save time in productions of any scale and in all corners of the industry.

Our secondary focus is to create a baseline **standard of asset quality for the industry**, giving young artists something to work with to help them get their foot in the door, and to raise the standard of technical quality in Indie projects.

We believe high quality assets should not be something that only large budget productions can produce or acquire. Students, Indie developers and hobbyists should all be given **equal opportunity** to realize their dream projects, and our online repository of public domain assets helps them achieve this.


## Sponsor Definition

As a sponsor of Poly Haven, you are not only assisting us financially, but you have the opportunity to **help us make the right decisions** in order to benefit the industry as a whole, in both a short and long term capacity.

Although we are veterans within the industry, we do not pretend to know all the answers. Your feedback and experience is invaluable, and we relish the opportunity to **work with you** towards our shared goals.


## Payments / Managing your Membership

We use [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/polyhaven) to manage monthly memberships, the same platform we use for individual donors as well.

Payments are made automatically at the start of each month. If you sign up in the middle of the month, your first payment will only be made at the start of the following month.

After you sign up, we will contact you to ask for your logo and some other information we'll need, however we will not display your logo on the site until **after your first payment succeeds**.

Generally we prefer payments to be made monthly so that our income is consistent, but if you would prefer to make a bulk payment for a set number of months up front, please [get in touch](/about-contact).

Poly Haven is a registered private company based in South Africa. We are not (yet) a Non-Profit Organization, simply due to bureaucratic hurdles in our country, however we treat our finances and operations much like an NPO would and are happy to provide any further proof or documentation that you require.

You may cancel your membership at any time from your Patreon account page. We will continue to show your logo until a month after your last payment.

Funds are being accepted as donations, therefore no refunds will be provided unless payments were made in error.

### Invoices

Tax-wise, you will not be dealing with us directly, but with Patreon (the payment processor).

Because of this, we cannot provide you with an invoice ourselves, however **Patreon will email you a receipt** each month which should suffice for your records.

Depending on your location, sales tax (VAT) may be added. If this is the case, Patreon should send you an actual tax invoice.


## Benefits


### 1. Logo Displays

Apart from helping us achieve our goals, displaying your logo on our site is one of the primary benefits of being our sponsor.

Our website receives a large amount of traffic from artists and companies in the industry (detailed Audience Stats can be seen above), including the biggest AAA/Hollywood studios, software developers, and research institutes.

Displaying your logo on our site is a great way to associate your company with our goals and the open source idea in general, as well as drive traffic to your own website (your logo is also a link to your site).

Higher tiers of sponsorship are displayed more prominently, and in more locations on the site:

* Silver Sponsor:
    * **Small white silhouette logo** in the footer of every page.
    * **Small white silhouette logo** on our [About Page](/about-contact).
* Gold Sponsor:
    * **White silhouette logo** shown prominently on our [Home Page](/).
    * **White silhouette logo** on our [About Page](/about-contact).
    * **White silhouette logo** in the footer of every page.
* Diamond Sponsor:
    * **Large full-color** logo featured prominently on our [Home Page](/).
    * **Large full-color** logo on our [About Page](/about-contact).
    * **Large full-color** logo in the footer of every page.

No advertisements will be displayed near your logo.


### 2. Internal Communication Channels

If you wish to help us move in the right direction and make good decisions to help us achieve our goals, members of your company will be given direct access to many of our **private communication channels** and collaboration tools.

We are a fully remote team, and as such all our work happens online. You will be given access to the same channels that we use daily so that you can observe and talk with us about what we should be doing.

We also want to listen to your needs and discuss the potential to **work on assets that will help you.** As long as what you need aligns with our goals (e.g. creating reusable public domain assets to grow the industry), we may be able to help.

Please note that we are not a studio-for-hire, by becoming our sponsor you do not become our client. We work to benefit the whole industry, and this sponsorship is simply meant to be a way for you to help us do this.

If you have any questions or concerns, please [reach out](/about-contact) so we can chat.


### 3. Cloud Access

We have several hundred assets available on our site, but in any large scale production it’s important to have easy access to your asset repository **locally** on your workstations or internal network. This way your artists don’t need to visit our website to download each individual asset.

We will provide **access for your entire team** to our Cloud (a secure self-hosted Nextcloud instance) which contains all of our assets and can be selectively synced to your local/network drive.


## Transparency

A majority of our income is from donations, so transparency (in both finances and what we work on) is a **core tenet of Poly Haven**.

Publicly, we release [monthly finance reports](/finance-reports) that detail every cent we receive, spend, save or allocate. We also share regular updates of our plans and current projects on [our Blog](https://blog.polyhaven.com), [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/polyhaven/posts?public=true) and social media, working closely with our supporters to determine the direction in which we should go.

As our Corporate Sponsor, we can be even more open with you and discuss even longer-term plans and strategies. You will have access to **day-to-day information** such as our internal task trackers, weekly reports and even our internal chat channels.


## Confidentiality

While transparency is vital for our work, we understand that your work may require high levels of privacy and confidentiality.

Once you begin supporting us, we will explain which communication channels we use are public, which are private to our community, and how you can **talk with us in complete confidence** without any risk of leaking sensitive information about your projects or members.

We are happy to sign an NDA if required and will brief any of our team members that you wish to talk to.

Your **contact information will be kept private**, and you are not obligated to join our community channels if you wish not to.


## About Poly Haven

Poly Haven (Pty) Ltd is a registered private company in South Africa (reg. no: K2020742739).

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to [contact us](/about-contact).

Commit message:

Move from Patreon to Gumroad for corporate sponsorships.

constants/corporate_details.md, after:

## Our Goals

Our goal is to provide **high quality digital assets** to the visual effects and video game industries, all of which we release into the **public domain** for absolute freedom and usability in both commercial and private applications.

Currently the assets we produce are: [HDRIs](/hdris), photoscanned PBR [texture sets](/textures), and [3D props](/models) for environment design and set dressing.

Our primary focus is to produce assets that are **widely usable** in several situations and software applications, in order to save time in productions of any scale and in all corners of the industry.

Our secondary focus is to create a baseline **standard of asset quality for the industry**, giving young artists something to work with to help them get their foot in the door, and to raise the standard of technical quality in Indie projects.

We believe high quality assets should not be something that only large budget productions can produce or acquire. Students, Indie developers and hobbyists should all be given **equal opportunity** to realize their dream projects, and our online repository of public domain assets helps them achieve this.


## Sponsor Definition

As a sponsor of Poly Haven, you are not only assisting us financially, but you have the opportunity to **help us make the right decisions** in order to benefit the industry as a whole, in both a short and long term capacity.

Although we are veterans within the industry, we do not pretend to know all the answers. Your feedback and experience is invaluable, and we relish the opportunity to **work with you** towards our shared goals.


## Payments / Managing your Membership

We use [Gumroad](https://polyhaven.gumroad.com/l/ph-corporate) to manage monthly memberships.

After you sign up, we will contact you to ask for your logo and explain how to access the rest of your benefits.

Generally we prefer payments to be made monthly so that our income is consistent, but if you would prefer to make a bulk payment for a set number of months up front, please [get in touch](/about-contact).

Poly Haven is a registered private company based in South Africa. We are not (yet) a Non-Profit Organization, simply due to bureaucratic hurdles in our country, however we treat our finances and operations much like an NPO would and are happy to provide any further proof or documentation that you require.

You may cancel your membership at any time from your Gumroad account page, or by emailing us. We will continue to show your logo until a month after your last payment.

Funds are being accepted as donations, therefore no refunds will be provided unless payments were made in error.

### Invoices & VAT / Sales Tax

Tax-wise, you will not be dealing with us directly, but with Gumroad (the payment processor).

Gumroad will email you a receipt for each payment, from which an invoice can be generated.

Depending on your location, VAT may have been added to the price. If you are a VAT registered company, you can enter your VAT ID when generating an invoice, and Gumroad will refund you the VAT within a few days.

More information about generating an invoice and receiving a VAT refund can be found [on Gumroad](https://customers.gumroad.com/article/200-i-need-a-vat-refund).


## Benefits


### 1. Logo Displays

Apart from helping us achieve our goals, displaying your logo on our site is one of the primary benefits of being our sponsor.

Our website receives a large amount of traffic from artists and companies in the industry (detailed Audience Stats can be seen above), including the biggest AAA/Hollywood studios, software developers, and research institutes.

Displaying your logo on our site is a great way to associate your company with our goals and the open source idea in general, as well as drive traffic to your own website (your logo is also a link to your site).

Higher tiers of sponsorship are displayed more prominently, and in more locations on the site:

* Silver Sponsor:
    * **Small white silhouette logo** in the footer of every page.
    * **Small white silhouette logo** on our [About Page](/about-contact).
* Gold Sponsor:
    * **White silhouette logo** shown prominently on our [Home Page](/).
    * **White silhouette logo** on our [About Page](/about-contact).
    * **White silhouette logo** in the footer of every page.
* Diamond Sponsor:
    * **Large full-color** logo featured prominently on our [Home Page](/).
    * **Large full-color** logo on our [About Page](/about-contact).
    * **Large full-color** logo in the footer of every page.

No advertisements will be displayed near your logo.


### 2. Internal Communication Channels

If you wish to help us move in the right direction and make good decisions to help us achieve our goals, members of your company will be given direct access to many of our **private communication channels** and collaboration tools.

We are a fully remote team, and as such all our work happens online. You will be given access to the same channels that we use daily so that you can observe and talk with us about what we should be doing.

We also want to listen to your needs and discuss the potential to **work on assets that will help you.** As long as what you need aligns with our goals (e.g. creating reusable public domain assets to grow the industry), we may be able to help.

Please note that we are not a studio-for-hire, by becoming our sponsor you do not become our client. We work to benefit the whole industry, and this sponsorship is simply meant to be a way for you to help us do this.

If you have any questions or concerns, please [reach out](/about-contact) so we can chat.


### 3. Cloud Access

We have several hundred assets available on our site, but in any large scale production it’s important to have easy access to your asset repository **locally** on your workstations or internal network. This way your artists don’t need to visit our website to download each individual asset.

We will provide **access for your entire team** to our Cloud (a secure self-hosted Nextcloud instance) which contains all of our assets and can be selectively synced to your local/network drive.


## Transparency

A majority of our income is from donations, so transparency (in both finances and what we work on) is a **core tenet of Poly Haven**.

Publicly, we release [monthly finance reports](/finance-reports) that detail every cent we receive, spend, save or allocate. We also share regular updates of our plans and current projects on [our Blog](https://blog.polyhaven.com), [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/polyhaven/posts?public=true) and social media, working closely with our supporters to determine the direction in which we should go.

As our Corporate Sponsor, we can be even more open with you and discuss even longer-term plans and strategies. You will have access to **day-to-day information** such as our internal task trackers, weekly reports and even our internal chat channels.


## Confidentiality

While transparency is vital for our work, we understand that your work may require high levels of privacy and confidentiality.

Once you begin supporting us, we will explain which communication channels we use are public, which are private to our community, and how you can **talk with us in complete confidence** without any risk of leaking sensitive information about your projects or members.

We are happy to sign an NDA if required and will brief any of our team members that you wish to talk to.

Your **contact information will be kept private**, and you are not obligated to join our community channels if you wish not to.


## About Poly Haven

Poly Haven (Pty) Ltd is a registered private company in South Africa (reg. no: K2020742739).

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to [contact us](/about-contact).
